# Finance-Web-Scraper

This web scraper is designed to crawl the Subreddit WallStreetBets for stock tickers and then tally them up. Unfortunately due to the nature of WallStreetBets, it is rather difficult to get an accurate image of the landscape without a disproportionate amount of manual data cleaning. As such, at the moment, there is a high chance for a large number of both false positives and false negatives, purely due to the way the program runs at the moment. The reason for this is that there is no "standardised" way for users to mention stock tickers, the vast majority of the time the ticker is mentioned in all caps surrounded by spaces, and this is how I have decided to approach the situation.

There are other cases where users may add a $ or a # to the start of the ticker, in cases like these, the program will not pick them up. Given a case where a user comments multiple tickers, only the first ticker will be counted and added to the final tally. Unfortunately, a large amount of the time users type in all caps, which leads to a variety of false positives from 68 mentions of the ticker 'A' ([Agilent Technologies](https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/a)) to 33 mentions of 'RIDE' ([Lordstown Motors](https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/ride)), although they may not be false positives. Within the program I've included an output file that includes every comment that seemed to have a stock ticker, and the ticker that was tallied along with it. This can help with manual data cleaning if a user wishes to do something like that, or more importantly helps me in my debugging process.
